analog. add DataSegment command (#83)
jooby-dev/jooby-docs: docs/analog/commands/DataSegment.md

Denotes the index or position of a particular segment within the entire message.

### Examples

| Field                   | Value                                                                  | Bits         | Hex                |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------ |
| command id              | `30`                                                                   |              | `0x1e`             |
| command size            | `9`                                                                    |              | `0x09`             |
| segmentation session id | `35`                                                                   |              | `0x23`             |
| segment flags           | last segment: `true` <br> segments number: `1` <br> segment index: `1` | `0b10010001` | `0x91`             |
| data                    | `23 10 10 07 00 00 00`                                                 |              | `0x23101007000000` |

Message hex dump: `1e 09 23 91 23 10 10 07 00 00 00`

## Response

The response has the same format as the [request](#request).

## See also

> * [message ID](../types.md#request-id)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Request ID](../types.md#request-id)
```
?

Author: fixed
Remove `message id` from the format description. there is no such field

# DataSegment

Transfer data by breaking it into segments.
This command is currently used only in module with [hardware type](../basics.md#hardware-types) `MTXLora`.
This command could be used as uplink or downlink command. The module can send `DataSegment` command as the response to the request or
without any request.

## Request

### Format

| Size  | Type                                 | Field                                               |
| ----- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `1`   | `byte`                               | command id = `0x1e`                                 |
| `1`   | `byte`                               | command size (dynamic, `2+`)                        |
| `1`   | [Message ID](../types.md#request-id) | request/response unique identifier                  |
| `1`   | `byte`                               | [segmentation session id](#segmentation-session-id) |
| `1`   | `byte`                               | [segment flags](#segment-flags)                     |

> | `1..` | `bytes`                              | data. Array of bytes                                |

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It's a command with a [two-bytes header](../message.md#command-with-a-two-bytes-header).

### Parameters

#### **segment flags**

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>7</th>
            <th>6</th>
            <th>5</th>
            <th>4</th>
            <th>3</th>
            <th>2</th>
            <th>1</th>
            <th>0</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="#last-segment">last segment</a></td>

>             <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="#segments-number">segments number [<code>6..4</code>]</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="#segments-number">segments number</a></td>
```

Author: fixed

            <td>spare</td>

>             <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="#segment-index">segment index [<code>2..0</code>]</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="#segment-index">segment index</a></td>
```

Author: fixed

        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### **segmentation session id**

> Represents a unique identifier for a session during which segments are collected. All segments belonging to the same message share the same segmentationSessionId, allowing the collector to correlate and assemble them correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a unique identifier for a session during which segments are collected. All segments belonging to the same message share the same `segmentationSessionId`, allowing the collector to correlate and assemble them correctly.
```

#### **last segment**

> The `last segment` is a boolean flag within indicates that a particular segment is the last in the sequence of segments that collectively form a complete message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a boolean flag which indicates that a particular segment is the last in the sequence of segments that collectively form a complete message.
```

Author: fixed

Reviewer: nope )

Author: did it

> 

Author: fixed

#### **segments number**

Specifies the total number of segments that make up the complete message.

#### **segment index**

Denotes the index or position of a particular segment within the entire message.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

### Examples

| Field                   | Value                                                                  | Bits         | Hex                |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------ |
| command id              | `30`                                                                   |              | `0x1e`             |
| command size            | `9`                                                                    |              | `0x09`             |
| segmentation session id | `35`                                                                   |              | `0x23`             |
| segment flags           | last segment: `true` <br> segments number: `1` <br> segment index: `1` | `0b10010001` | `0x91`             |
| data                    | `23 10 10 07 00 00 00`                                                 |              | `0x23101007000000` |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

Message hex dump: `1e 09 23 91 23 10 10 07 00 00 00`

## Response

The response has the same format as the [request](#request).

## See also

> * [hardware type](../basics.md#hardware-types)

Reviewer: + Message ID

Author: fixed
